Benchmark-daily-task.py:

This python script takes in input from Netbrain daily benchmark (.csv) file and exports it to the code, where 
python works on it to get the list of devices for which Netbrain failed to pull the config from, it also lists 
out if the device is reachable or not and if the DNS has been set for the device, another module (SSH-in.py) 
was added to it which checks if SSH is successful into the device or not, based on this further investigation of 
the devices can be undertaken. The script also automatically sends report through mail to the Manager. 

NB6-NB7-weekly-audit.py:

This script is responsible for creating audit between Netbrain 6 and Netbrain 7, the main intention for this script 
was to add all the devices present in NB6 to NB7 and vice versa. This script too can create a report and send this report 
to the concerned party. Multiple modules were created in this to serve specific purpose for example auditing from a list of 
devices, i.e to check if the given list of devices are present in the Netbrain automation tool or not, if they are not present, 
then adding them to the software. 

NBvsTRTplusdelete-leaf-nb.py:

This script is responsible for deleting the leaf site from Netbrain. Whenever a site is decommissioned, TRT json file can be 
loaded into this script which looks for all the closed sites and the corresponding entries into Netbrain “Site” section, if 
the entry exists then it is deleted. Saving time from going into Netbrain and deleting this site manually. 

Note: sites cannot be added (leaf containers) in site manager using API as there is no API available to complete this job. You can only delete the decommissioned sites (leaf containers) from NB using the above scripts which makes use of the API provided by Netbrain. 



TRT-commisioned-sites-toNB-SW:

This code is responsible for adding the “five” devices (-spi-, -fpi-, -rpi-wan, term & wlc) to NB and Solarwinds. The input 
accepted by the code is the list of sites generated by “TRTbot Commissioned sites”. 

Note: Special not for this addition of these devices/sites is currently not of consistent format, in the sense: the way the current 
setup is that TRT dumps are automatically generated based on the new site commission or decommission info is updated by the TRT handlers.
This triggers an email to be sent out to the Netops team, informing about the site status. In case of commissioning sites all we can do 
as soon as we get a trigger for this is create a leaf container in Netbrain, however we still do not have the list of devices which are 
being commissioned exactly, even though we have a specific format (5 device types) of devices being used for most of the sites, not all 
sites have same format. This information can be retrieved from ITFS (which relies on TRT) but more consistent info can be retrieved from 
the CR that is created by the person in-charge of commissioning a specific device. Work can be done to get this device information and
 pass it through mail to the respective related parties for further actions. 

neighbor-scan-snmp-multithreading.py:

This python script used multithreading, wherein a bulk of devices are queried simultaneously to get the device information, like the 
network they belong to e.g: Juniper, Palo Alto etc. This was created for neighbor scanning task purpose, to know which neighbor devices 
to scan for. 

Solar-winds-audit-code-1.py:

This script takes in input the csv file from ITFS web. The main goal is to audit Solarwinds against the entries present in ITFS. 
If an entry is present in ITFS but not in Solarwinds, then the device is then added to the Solarwinds inventory automatically using 
Solarwinds swagger API. 

IPAM Location Audit.py:

This code is responsible for updating locations for all the subnets using their gateways. 

Netbrain-audit-code.py:

This script is responsible for creating a list of devices which are present in ITFS but not in Netbrain 7. All the devices are 
collected and simultaneously pushed to the Netbrain server automatically using the Netbrain API. 

NB-system-Discovery-task.py:

Stores the result of the scheduled system discovery in a csv file. 

Sites_in_trt_not_in_NB.py:

This code is responsible for getting a list of open sites present in TRT and checks it against sites present in NB the input for
 this was file imported from NB and and TRT dumps json file. If the devices and the sites are not present in the Netbrain server
 then they are adjusted and added automatically using the Netbrain API. Similarly if the site is closed as per the TRT dumps then 
the devices are automatically deleted from the Netbrain server. 

vpn-vendors-users-list.py:

This code was created in order to get a list of vendors and contractors who still have VPN users RSA access. However, according to 
the new security standards only Tesla employees have complete and unrestricted access through VPN users RSA, the vendors are no longer
authorized to use this group, this script creates a list of such vendors. Using this list we can now remove them from these groups 
and migrate the resource access to the vendor specific security and resource groups. 

oldSW-newSW-audit.py:

This code is responsible for extracting list of devices from the exported file (.csv) from both, the new and the old Solarwinds server.
The main objective is that all the device present in old Solarwinds server should also be present in the new Solarwinds server. 
After execution there a lot of devices which display that “DNS is not set”, for such devices a module has been crated which takes the 
list of these devices and maps the IP address to them and adds the list of IPs to the Solarwinds server. 

add_interfaces_to_viptela.py:

This code takes in the .csv file exported from the new Solarwinds server. As we know, while pushing the devices to the Solarwinds 
server using the swagger API, we select the new option “add interfaces: no”. Buy, if we need to manually add the interfaces to every 
device it would take forever. This script can automatically assign and check loopback addresses on all the viptela devices present in 
the inventory.
